Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We won!
Oh, Al, listen
to my heartbeat. Oh.
It's incredible, Peg.
I can hear it
from here.
Sir, your ear hair
is sticking me.
Get over here and celebrate
with your family.
That man cut in front of me.
I should have been
the millionth customer.
Bundy. Cut in front
of this woman?
What woman?
Oh, you know it was me,
you gaggle of pirates.
Now, I have stood
mutely by for five years
and watched you
steal my paper,
siphon my gas,
loiter in my bushes
doing God knows what.
But I will not permit this.
This is
my $1000 shopping spree
and I will have
my shopping spree,
if I have to carry my groceries
home in your skulls.
You want me
to clock her one, Daddy?
Let me handle this.
You know what you need to take
your mind off this, babe?
A nice, cool Bud.
And, uh, keep the biting
to a minimum.
It's a school night.
Excuse me. Coming through,
coming through.
Hi, there.
I'm Mr. Foodie.
I'm here to congratulate
the lucky winner.
By the way, who is it?
Me! Me!
What a lovely couple.
Uh, I'm not married
to thisthing,
I'm married
to that thing.
Wait a second.
Aren't you Al Bundy?
Did you let this man pay
with a check?
Hey.
The only thing wrong
with my checks
is they're postdated,
like your milk.
This man cut in front
of me and bought gum.
Now, I have been a faithful
customer of this store
for many years.
My checks are always good.
I have a preferred
customer card.
And I know the Foodies jingle
by heart:
* Foodies *
* We're a store with food *
* And heart *
Well, you know,
that only proves
that you two have
little rhythm and no lives.
We, on the other hand,
have a receipt...
and no lives.
And besides,
we live here.
Hush, pumpkin.
Now, now, go wheel
your brother to the car.
All right, Foodie, now,
what are you gonna do here?
Well, there's only
one fair way.
Give us
both prizes?
No, I meant fair
for Foodies.
No, we'll let you compete for
the millionth-customer prize.
Yes, you'll both be
in the shopping spree,
And whoever comes up
with $1000 worth
of groceries first
gets to keep 'em.
Well, what does
the loser get?
Gets to congratulate
the winner.
You know, Al,
I've been thinking.
What if we really do win
that $1000 worth of groceries?
Then what do we do?
Well, Peg, I saw on
60 Minutes last week,
where some people found
with food
actually cook it up
and eat it.
I've never seen Morley
so shaken.
So I was right.
I'm not the winner
in this at all.
You get all the food
and the glory,
and I just get
endless hours
standing in front
of the big hot thing.
No, Peg,
that's the stove.
You're
the big hot thing.
Peg, Peg,
I'll tell you what.
If we win this contest...
I get six hot meals.
Then we sell
the rest of the food,
we get
an air conditioner.
Really, Al? You mean it?
We get an air conditioner?
Six meals, Peg.
One.
Four.
Three.
One.
Two.
Done!
Mom, Dad, I think
we're in for some trouble.
Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy are
out there doing wind sprints
around the neighborhood.
Then they come to stop signs
and drop for pushups.
Yeah, Jefferson does 25
with Marcie on his back,
and then Marcie does 50
with Jefferson on her back.
I'm not worried.
I'm a finely honed athlete.
And as for your mother,
Peg, show them what
a real pushup looks like.
All right, kids, I admit it.
I did not marry well.
But...if you haven't
ever believed
anything I've ever told you...
And we haven't.
...believe this:
We will win
this contest.
We will win.
We will win big.
We will win
in the Bundy tradition:
We will cheat
our heinies off.
Now, can I get
a "whoa, Bundy"?
Whoaaaa, Bundy!
Look, Marcie.
Best cart in the lot.
The Foodies cart stunk,
but I got this baby from
a bag lady across the street.
They always have
the best stuff.
You excite me like
no man I've ever met.
No mercy to the Bundys.
No mercy.
Let's see 'em
top this, baby.
Excuse me.
What is
this contraption?
That's Peg.
You know her.
Not that,
Pillsbury Shoeboy.
This thing you're pushing,
this is not a regulation cart.
Au contraire, buzz cut.
I found it right outside.
Didn't I, family?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, you did.
Mr. Foodie,
a ruling, please.
Hm?
Oh, I don't know.
No, it's one of yours.
See? It says "We love Foodies"
on the side.
Oh, I like that!
Here, let's-- Let's get
a picture of that baby.
But I'm not sure that
this cart is one of mine.
Well-- Hey...
Doesn't wobble. Hm.
Get these people
a regulation Foodies cart.
All right, contestants,
places, please.
Dad, where'd you get
this cart?
Made it myself in the garage
with parts of the lawn mower
and the side of the house
and your mother's car.
See, it's aerodynamic,
got your front and rear
sway bars,
rack-and-pinion steering,
and genuine Ginsu spike
attitude adjusters
on the hood.
It's also got some, uh,
antipersonnel device or two...
just for show.
Damn that hair trigger.
There goes
my tiebreaker, Peg.
Well, what do you think?
You can do all this,
and yet you can't get
a better job than shoe salesman?
I think
a little research will show
that most of your great
implements of death
are the result of zombied-out
daydreams of shoe salesmen.
Well, now it's time to announce
the celebrity host
of the Foodies millionth
customer competition.
Well, you loved him
as the Beaver,
and...now, I guess, er,
as the new Beaver.
So let's give a nice,
warm Foodies welcome
to Jerry Mathers.
Thank you very much.
You're very kind.
I, uh, think our agreement
called for cash in advance.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's certainly a pleasure
to be here at Foodies,
the store with great food
and super low prices.
Oh, merciful heavens,
won't somebody please
shoot me?
Somebody, please,
just put a bullet
through the ol' Beav's head.
Oh, Al, look at him.
He's brought so much pleasure
to so many.
Can't you give him a job
at the shoe store?
Yeah, that's
all I need, Peg:
Work all day with the Beaver
and come home to you.
And, uh, now for the rules:
Whoever gets $1000 worth
of food first
gets to keep it.
Which, by the way, is more
than I'm getting for this gig.
Can it be true?
Can Match Game PM
not use another celebrity?
Am I truly lower
than Charles Nelson Reilly?
Who is
this blubbering mess?
I think he was Opie.
Opie was Ron Howard,
you little fool.
I was--
No, I am the Beaver!
Thank you, Jerry Mathers.
Everybody. Everybody.
Spare me
your pity clap.
Sign this, Opie.
It's Jerry,
and it'll be two bucks.
Well,
what I think, uh--
I think Mr. Mathers
means is, uh,
contestants,
wish each other good luck.
Drop dead.
Lick feet.
Eat dust.
Grow hair.
On your mark...
get set...
...go!
Come on, Peg. Come on, Peg!
Follow me, Peg!
Follow me, baby!
Come on, Peg, follow me!
Just like we planned.
Just like we practiced.
Here's one.
Here's two. Here's three.
Peg! Peg!
Where is that damn woman?
Look, Al. "Do It To Me Red."
They never have this
at my salon.
Look, if you want me,
I'll be in beauty supplies.
Hut!
Hu--
Too cheap, honey.
We don't need it.
I know.
Look, Al. I found
this really expensive--
Al?
Al Bundy, would you stop
fooling around?
Come on.
Al!
Uh, listen, could you settle
a bet between me and my sister?
Now, she says you frittered away
all your money
on booze and cheap women.
I say doughnuts
and cheap booze.
Give me a quarter
or just go away.
Get it in there.
Let's go. Let's go.
Viva la Cart of Death!
Mr. Beaver?
Could you settle another bet
between me and my brother?
He says that you're so low,
that for this nickel,
that you would stand
on this chair
and bellow
like a moose.
Now, I say, if you could
bellow like a moose,
why would you be here?
Beav.
Oh, Beav.
Attention, contestants.
Our first totals are in.
The Bundys, $210.
The D'Arcys, 270.
Eat
hot grocery death!
Al! Honey!
We're losing!
Now, you're a pro at that.
Do something!
Stay calm, Peg.
We've been paying
too much attention
to what they
have been doing.
From now on,
we play with our heads
instead of our hearts.
Come on.
Okay.
Hut!
Come on, Marcie.
Jefferson.
Huh?
See, Peg, if I was playing with
my heart instead of my head,
I'd have waited
till Marcie was loading.
Oh, you're a good man, Al.
And a pretty darn
good friend too.
Come on, Peg!
the D'Arcys, $720 worth.
The Bundys, $710.
Look, here's 50 cents.
It's all I have.
Just please,
leave me alone.
Just one last question,
if all the autographs hounds
can stay back for a second...
Did you ever think of teaming up
with the Eddie Munster kid
for the Thoroughly
Pathetic Tour '91?
Look...
let's get this over with
once and for all.
I may have to earn
a pathetic living
by donning the cap
of the Beaver
and appearing
at supermarkets,
but at least my father doesn't
sell women's shoes.
Golly, that felt good.
That's my douche!
Oh, yeah?
Yeah? Well, you touched
my Girlie Fizz.
Come on, give me that.
It's mine and I want it.
Damn it, Al!
Now, we're both men.
There's plenty of room
in feminine hygiene
for the both of us.
All right?
Let's shake on it.
I'm blind!
And I smell
like summer rain!
Peg! Peg, where are you?
Right here, honey.
Damn Jefferson blinded me
with feminine goo.
He ought to take some home
and spray it in his own eyes
before he gets in bed
with that--
Ow!
Al, Al, honey, come on,
stop dilly-dallying.
We're behind!
Come on.
Let's go.
Jefferson, bonanza!
Imported water!
Oh, my God, my contact.
I've lost my contact.
You know, the problem
with you, Al,
is you're playing too much
with Jefferson and Marcie
to pay attention
to what you're doing.
I guess I'll just have to pay
attention for the both of us.
Jefferson, I've fallen,
and I can't get up.
Marcie? Marcie?
Where are you?
There you are.
Look, Marcie.
Shallots from Italy.
You know how much
these babies are worth?
I don't know, honey.
You think now you could
dash over to the first-aid aisle
and see if you can find me
an artery clip?
Okey-dokey.
Ah, me.
That's me.
I was the Beaver.
Who?
Our two families are running
neck and neck.
The, uh, the D'Arcys, $990.
The Bundys, $979.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's a horse race.
They've incapacitated
the Cart of Death, Peg!
Oh, no.
Al, we're gonna lose!
Not this time, babe.
Stee-rike!
One thousand dollars!
The Bundys win!
We won! We won!
Peg! Peg, where are you?
Where are you, Peg?
I'm comin', Al.
I'm comin'.
Gangway!
No, Peg, no! It's over!
Well, I married her.
Well, throw another city
on the barbie, eh, God?
It's 112, so please remember
to crack the window
when you leave Grandma
in the car.
Oh, this is the life,
isn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Food and
an air conditioner.
Well, your father finally
came through for us.
So when's Daddy gonna be
able to enjoy all this?
Well, I don't know.
The doctor says that cool air
isn't really good
for an exposed liver.
But don't worry,
Daddy's happy in his pool.
And I just brought him
a nice cool drink.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org